Everyone, today I have a coding interview question, and it's a question that's asked by Google, and
in this problem we need to figure out which houses to rob to get the most money.
And what that means is which elements should we add up in the given area to get the largest number.
So let's get right to it to solve this problem.
You're given a function called Rob, OK, which takes an area of numbers.
The numbers in the area presents money that each house has and we need to return the maximum amount
of money that you can resolve without alerting the police.
So we have to design an algorithm to find the maximum number.
So this area, this represents the houses and the number represents the amount of money each house has.
And as a robber, we cannot rob houses next to each other.
So we cannot rule out the elements next to each other.
So we have to go like this, either the first element and the third element.
Or the second element and the fourth element.
Because each house has an alarm system and the police will be notified if you roll up the house next
to each other.
So to find the maximum amount we can resolve without getting caught by the police, we need to create
another area to keep track of the totals that we have robbed.
So let's start with the first element where this is the first house.
So we're going to put that in our area right here to keep track of it.
And then we look at the second house, since we cannot rule the house next to each other, that we should
either start with or we should start with one.
Right.
So if a trader or one trader, so it actually is greater.
So we will start with eight.
OK, and then we'll move on to the third element, so three plus eight, which will give us an 11 or
should we keep or we have eight.
But three plus eight, which is equal to 11, is greater.
So we will definitely vote this House as well.
Then we move on to the fourth element, so this has 10.
So either 10 plus eight, which will give us 18 or we keep what we currently have to live.
Actually, 18 is greater, so who bought this house, you will have it in your pocket.
Then you look at the last element, which is seven, so seven plus 11, what we recently had before
this, which would give us 18 or should we keep both our safe?
So we have 18 has a maximum amount that we can roll without getting caught by the police.
And that's what we're going to return to our function.
So what this basically means is that you look at the first house and you see that, OK, this is what
I'm going to start off with.
So that's why you put here.
Then you look at the second house.
Well, the second house has less money, so it only has one.
So actually, I want to start with eight, because you cannot rule next to each other.
So you start with eight, OK?
And then you go to the third element and you either want to keep what you have.
Or three plus eight, which was 11, so of course, 11 is greater, so we brought this out.
You can get 11.
And then we look at the next element, which is so this house has 10 and what we had previously was
eight, so it should be at eight, plus 10 can get 18.
Of course, it is greater.
That's why we have 18 here.
And then the last 11, which is seven.
So seven plus 11, which will give us an 18, but we already have an 18 as well.
So it's both saying that's why we have 18 right here and that's our maximum amount we can get without
getting caught by the police.
So that's what we're going to return function.
And let me show you this code.
If you don't understand this, then make sure to leave a comment and I will make it more clear for you.
All right, guys, so here we have the function call Rob and it takes an array of numbers.
So it's the number is represents the value that each house has, so the amount of money each house has.
So the first thing we're doing right here is we're checking if if the area that's passed is undefined
or normal or the length is zero, meaning there's no elements in there.
So we will just return to zero because we didn't make any money.
And the next statement is if there's only one house, so if there's only one house, so we will just
return the amount of money in that one house.
So we're just going to return the first element.
After that, we're going to create our area to keep track of the amount that we have robbed from each
house.
So right here is an example.
So if you remember from the whiteboard explanation, we're going to first start with the first house.
So we're going to put the first house value in our area and then we're going to see is the first house
worth robbing or is the second house worthwhile?
So the second house is worth more than because two is greater than one.
So that's right here.
So this is the first house.
And then we're deciding is the first House has more money on the second house, husband won, the second
house has more money in our case.
After that, we're going to start looking to the rest of the houses, so we're going to start with the
second index, because you've already covered the first house and the second house.
So the second index pretty much means the third house.
So what that means is that we're going to start looping through the third from the third house.
So what we're doing right here is we're trying to see which one is greater, the total of one house
or.
The total of two houses of.
Plus, the house we are currently on.
So which one, whichever is greater.
So would you rather keep the total from one house of.
Or would be rather add the value of the current house.
To the total amount of two houses of.
So why two houses?
Because we are not allowed to rob houses that are side by side, as I showed on the Y, for example.
So we have to go back to houses.
So let's continue our example right here, so we are on the third house right here, which is a three
so three plus two houses ago, which is a one week.
It was a four.
So it's for later or we currently have two is greater, so four is greater.
So it's good to rob this third house, which will give us a fourth and then move on to our last element,
which is the last house, and that is the one.
So one plus two houses ago, which will give us a three.
So is three greater calls for greater force greater?
So we will keep what we have and will not drop this last house.
So that's what we're going to return in our function.
So that's pretty much it.
So that's we're going to show right here.
Return total, total my minus one, because we want to return the last element of the area.
And this is how we're going to do that.
And that's pretty much it.